Test and improve the main Getting Started guide for a Java user. (#49)
graalvm/graalpy.github.io: docs/graalpy-embedded/Getting_Started.md

# {{ page.title }}

You can use GraalPy with GraalVM JDK, Oracle JDK, or OpenJDK.
You can easily add GraalPy to your Java application using Maven or Gradle build tools as shown below.

## Maven

> GraalPy comes with a tool to generate a Maven project that embeds Python packages into a Java application using [Maven artefacts](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.graalvm.python).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraalPy can generate a Maven project that embeds Python packages into a Java application using [Maven artefacts](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.graalvm.python).
```

> 1. To get started, [install GraalPy for your operating system](../graalpy/guides/GraalPy.md#installing-graalpy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To get started, [install GraalPy](../graalpy/guides/GraalPy.md#installing-graalpy).
```

> 2. Create a Java project that embeds Python using the `graalpy` launcher and its `standalone` tool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a Java project that embeds Python using the `graalpy` launcher and its `standalone` module:
```

    ```bash

>     graalpy -m standalone polyglot_app -o graalpy_java_app

Author: I won't apply this suggestion because when a user just blindly copy it, the command will fail.

The Java code and the _pom.xml_ file are heavily documented and the generated code describes available features.
(If you do not wish to use Maven, the archetype Java code also provides guidance to create a custom embedding.)

For a basic setup with Python packages, you should download a [GraalPy distribution](/graalpy/guides/#installing-graalpy) for your platform. 

> Create a [venv](/graalpy/guides/#creating-a-virtual-environment) and install some [packages](/graalpy/guides/#installing-a-package-using-pip) in the _resources_ directory to include them.

Reviewer: Are you sure this works?

Author: This text was in the file. I haven't tested  basic setup with Python packages in venv.

## Gradle

> 1. Create a Java application with Gradle using the following command and default prompts:

Reviewer: What are the default prompts?

Author: Where to save the project, which testing framework, etc.

    ```bash
    gradle init --type java-application \
                --project-name interop  \
                --package interop \
                --no-split-project \
                --dsl kotlin
    ```

    The project is generated in the current working directory with the following structure:
    ```bash

>     └── app

Reviewer: I think the root would be `interop`

        ├── build.gradle.kts
        └── src
            └── main
                ├── java
                │   └── interop
                │       └── App.java
                └── resources
    ```

2. Open your project configuration file, _app/build.gradle.kts_, and modify it as follows. 
    - Include the GraalPy support and the [GraalVM SDK Polyglot API](https://www.graalvm.org/sdk/javadoc/org/graalvm/polyglot/package-summary.html) in the `dependencies` section:
        ```kotlin
        implementation("org.graalvm.polyglot:polyglot:23.1.1")
        implementation("org.graalvm.polyglot:python:23.1.1")
        ```

>     - We recommend to use Java modules build. Add the appropriate plugin to the `plugins` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - We recommend you use the Java modules build. Add the appropriate plugin to the `plugins` section:
```
